Reverse First K elements of Queue

Given an integer K and a queue of integers, we need to reverse the order of the first K elements of the queue, leaving the other elements in the same relative order.

Only following standard operations are allowed on queue.

enqueue(x) : Add an item x to rear of queue
dequeue() : Remove an item from front of queue
size() : Returns number of elements in queue.
front() : Finds front item.
Note: The above operations represent the general processings. In-built functions of the respective languages can be used to solve the problem.

Example 1:

Input:
5 3
1 2 3 4 5
Output: 
3 2 1 4 5
Explanation: 
After reversing the given
input from the 3rd position the resultant
output will be 3 2 1 4 5.
Example 2:

Input:
4 4
4 3 2 1
Output: 
1 2 3 4
Explanation: 
After reversing the given
input from the 4th position the resultant
output will be 1 2 3 4.
Your Task:
Complete the provided function modifyQueue() that takes queue and K as parameters and returns a modified queue. The printing is done automatically by the driver code.

Expected Time Complexity : O(N)
Expected Auxiliary Space : O(K)

Constraints:
1 <= K <= N <= 105


Explanation:

1. Initialization:
   - The function takes a queue ("q") and an integer ("k") as parameters.
   - It checks if "k" is 0. If so, it means there is no need to modify the queue, and the original queue is returned.

2. Enqueue First K Elements:
   - A new queue named "answer" is created to store the modified elements.
   - The first "k" elements from the original queue ("q") are enqueued into the "answer" queue.

3. Reverse First K Elements:
   - A stack ("s") is used to reverse the first "k" elements in the "answer" queue.
   - The front elements of the "answer" queue are popped and pushed onto the stack ("s").
   - After the loop, the elements are popped from the stack and pushed back into the "answer" queue, effectively reversing them.

4. Enqueue Remaining Elements:
   - The remaining elements from the original queue ("q") are enqueued into the "answer" queue.

5. Return Modified Queue:
   - The modified "answer" queue is returned.


